I'm not sure it's not a guaranteed thing
maybe like 5050 I obviously love
competing but if they're like I'm not
really expecting teams to want to change
up the roster like halfway through the
split that's the big one it's the end of
the first day of the fifth week of na
LCS I'm drying right now by meteos who
just got off the analyst desk talked a
little bit of how things are going with
covers presented by Omni slash so meteos
first up how was the analysts test today
it was amazing I was undefeated in five
matches today in predictions no I just
never lost a single game all day you
also didn't win a single game why you
got to be like that
I guess you look at the positive side of
things how have things been for you
these past couple of weeks because for
me Deus fans they've been interesting I
have to imagine even weirder for you
it's I think we're definitely a good way
to describe it
yeah there was the whole hunter thief
situation where I made my video kind of
going into like somewhat detail about
like what went on
basically like I guess there was some
like weird miscommunications 100 thieves
and I end up here on flaccus Academy but
it's honestly been pretty fun like it
hasn't bothered me that much I still
have a lot of confidence in myself as a
player and you know I've been fairly
successful in the past and I try pretty
hard to be a good teammate so I think
that you know whatever new home I land
in I should go pretty well so I'm really
been too down about it
my quest has been pretty chill like I've
got to hang out with their main team and
practice with the Academy team and it's
kind of been a chance for me to like
really test how much I know by teaching
it to people that haven't really been
exposed to these things and so if it's
like you know this is how we do bearing
control that every LCS team might know
this but when you're with the Academy
teams are like why would we do that and
then you know you have to like make sure
you really understand it so that you can
explain it and it has helped me like
learn more too so it's it's been a
fairly positive experience even if it
wasn't really what I was expecting to do
yeah it's you're almost like a in-game
coach it sounds like where you're like
leveling up and coaching these guys
while also playing with them
there's definitely a little bit of that
I'm trying to not be too like
controlling of what everyone else is
doing because you know if someone came
in when I was first starting and just
tried to tell me like every single thing
to do I don't know if it'd really be
that helpful
so I'm trying to you know like be a
guiding hand after game we'll talk about
things go through situations with the
players to be like hey remember the
situation let's look at it again I'll
talk through them with be like hey did
you like what you were going for like
what your plan was here they'll say and
I'm like okay well I'm not gonna ever be
like oh you're wrong like you played
this so bad but I'll be like hey maybe
if you think about this you would see
other options for how to play this
situation they'll be like okay yeah I
never considered that and so there's a
lot of that going on it's it's pretty
rewarding like seeing the team get
better and stuff like that so it's been
a little bit of like coaching and just
trying to help them out one of the
conversations I had earlier I was
talking to contracts and he was saying
he thinks that you are still a top 3 na
LCS jungler and he hopes to see return
what are the chances that we see you
play again on the LCS tapes this year do
you think this year I think there's
definitely a chance for to happen like
having some talks obviously like
nothing's final I have nothing to go
into so I'm not sure it's not a
guaranteed thing maybe like 5050 I
obviously love competing but if they're
like I'm not really expecting teams to
want to change up the roster like
halfway through the split that's the big
one so it'd definitely be a risk with
like worlds on the line and stings being
so close just want to like shake things
up because most teams you know they've
kind of got a direction up they're
headed so if there's if there's a place
that needs a jungler I'm happy to like
help out if all the teams are happy with
what they're doing then that's cool I
can either like help out the Academy
until they find a new permanent
replacement and then I'm probably just
gonna transition more into like
streaming and I've really wanted to go
into making more like video content on
the analytical side of things because I
think that I don't know there's a huge
demand for it but I really love the
high level aspects of League and those
donors get talked about too much I think
that there's not a lot of information
out there about it so stuff like macro
vision control just like plays based on
information trying to figure out like
why people did what they did like what
they were going for are things that I
probably have a lot more experience with
in most people and I can share that
ideally so definitely something that I
want to do and move in that direction so
it's either gonna be like playing LCS or
making League content but I still have
games still gonna look to do something
in the scene what is there a
consideration for you because you took
off a lot you know you pseudo took off
last year is there a consideration for
you just stop like not competing anymore
like in a world where there's a Sun SPOT
for you to play are you like how
enthusiastic are you about coming back
next year and really trying to play LCS
versus going into this kind of streaming
career and being more of a content
creator hmm well lately I have been
thinking that I've kind of put my
personal branding on the back burner for
most times like pretty much throughout
my career I've just sort of had the
mindset that like if I look out for the
people around me like hopefully they'd
do the same thing and things will just
work themselves out so I've kind of just
like put a lot of emphasis on trying to
like be good at League be good at
competing and so I have noticed that
like you know I don't really have a
youtube channel a lot of my social media
is kind of like quieter than it could be
so I think that that's something I can
put more focus on just like the media
side of things like you know hopefully I
can keep doing this
after league like f after whatever comes
next you know if there's demand for it
of course like so I think that's
something that I'm focusing on and as
far as if I'm gonna compete
I've always loved competing like
figuring out the game on that level
working with people is something that
it's like really fulfilling for me so if
there's a spot definitely gonna look for
it but I do think there's other options
that I'm happy with as well so I think
that no matter what comes next is
probably gonna be a good thing and I
managed looking forward to it it's nice
to have options and have them be good
options which is what it sounds like
your situation is so anything you would
say to the media fans out there who
or hoping to see you come back or
looking forward so maybe more streaming
content or whatever yeah so to the fans
I know I've been kind of like mi a since
the trade I've just been at the fly
Coast Academy house and their internet
and like PC setup like doesn't really
support streaming so have been able to
stream but I'm really eager to get back
into it as soon as things kind of like
slow down I'm gonna get back to that and
I just wanna say thanks to everyone
who's like stuck with me through the
roster swaps the trades whatever it
means a lot and I'm gonna keep working
hard to like bring content through
either like competing in LCS or making
videos and hope to see you guys on thank
you so much media for the interview for
everyone else you can check out the rest
my coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I want to
thank only slash so much for the support
of my content they're on a train right
now a train that you could be on and
that's the Travis train skit on that
train subscribe to the YouTube channel
hit up my twitch we're stopping at all
the different stops all right this is a
train and it's good what's going far so
get on the train and ride it ride that
Travis train